the number two seed bigger brother
runners-up last time and it also has
Little Joe have you worked it out some
anyway against Dominator you're against
Dominator yeah they've got quite a
magnificent and a virtually
indestructible they say with the huge
co2 gas Rama flipper good power and
speed from deal in Kent number six seed
Dominator to
Ceri semi-final for the dominator team
but I've just been told they've heard
who they're fighting and they don't
fancy pretty go brother
interesting
we might be flying later tonight
problems with fairy lights when samus
and we're just doing some minor
adjustments to the traction control 3.2
millimeter titanium armor fast at 20
miles an hour the best acts around they
tell us that acts as a stream as well
but the target has to be right in front
of them for that act to work
who's gonna wait around bigger brother
team Ian watts son Joe daughter Ellie
proud love dominator to Chris Hall on
the right hand side there at the
controls pulled holiday and Peter
Holloway with him in the arena for the
house robot sergeant Bosch and circular
lot
to
classic max meets flipper tail will it
be romantic and down comes the acts of
Dominator to bigger brothers Armory in
the front is weaker than in previous
series but strong around the back and
that flipper is so effective and
Dominator 2 is on its side now is
locally effectively self right if he
uses the axe or gets a nudge from a
healthy
the brother turns friend dominator to
becomes foe instantly
even bigger brother into the sea
this is a very - the judges will have
taken note there the flipper works a
bigger brother
Chow's Gil what's driving but Little Joe
controls the flipper he's 90 lunches
every quarter he loves his computer
games
he loves his Robot Wars and there Peter
Paul and Chris Hall the controls have
dominated
onto the front lift other flipper a
bigger brother power
so now we know that co2 powered flippers
trouble from sir kilowatts
Electrify tray
this has been a lesson he's learned from
Dominator - and bigger brother is
teaching on the edge of another cbz and
the crumpling said kilowatt comes out
and tries to drive
any watch bigger brother
goodness me they know they're in trouble
Thomas he's assumed for me
they think so check
far too close to call going out because
of judges while making up the minds
let's see the highlights for the fight
either gone bigger brother down came the
acts of Dominator too and they were
aggressive all the way to too much
damage scores would have counted in its
favor an over went Dominator chips this
was a good spell for bigger brother
Dominator too forced their way on top
with persistence good aggression bigger
brother got themselves trapped and from
then on it was dominators fight for me
and you can see it written all over the
bigger brother team faces there they
knew their machine was in peril
the judges have made their decision
based on style control damage and
aggression quite controversial this
they've dominated
disappointing is it disappointing was it
look at the draw though isn't it you
know you're not yet you know you've got
the losers melee now all the losers
groans with melee and the winner of that
they go through so there's still hope
so I'm get down there and fix that robot
I'll get my big hammer out then okay got
holes out here the second seeds and we
don't want to lose it
I tell you what though faded well very
well we lost our drive but they're just
keeping away from us quite a few times
yeah actually they were talking rubbish
a very graceful loser
one of those you just come to the
rational decision that would have been
very controversial yeah they're the
second seeds man yeah you just whack
them you can beat anyone Kanye we're
gonna give it a best shot
yes must we get a box for you next time
I think you need one